{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh11640\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SEJAL SHAH\
\
+64 274136847\
ssejal19@gmail.com\
http://sejalsh.tumblr.com\
\
HELLO!\
\
I am a designer, currently based in Auckland, working on websites and apps for past 6 years. And this is what I do most of the time - create something beautiful, learn something new. And that is what makes me a happy designer! Other than animating icons, star gazing and collecting wind-up toys.\
\
DESIGN EXPERIENCE:\
\
Since my introduction to design, I have a strong inclination towards making communication and interfaces look visually beautiful while being easy to use. Almost 6 years into digital design, I have got opportunities to work on brands like - Intel, Diesel, Hamleys, Bloomberg, Castrol and on different mediums like - mobile apps, websites, iPad/iPhone magazine and more. A short experience in offline advertising also helped me gain ample knowledge about print. I love learning and experimenting with new techniques to create design solutions.\
\
\
EDUCATION:\
\
2003-2008\
G.D. Art (Applied art)\
Abhinav Kala Mahavidyalaya, Pune\
\
WORK EXPERIENCE:\
\
May 2015 - Present\
Freelance UI/Visual Designer\
\
November 2014 - April 2015\
Lead Designer (Freelance)\
The Great Next\
\
August 2011 - October 2014\
Associate Group Head\
Interactive Avenues, Mumbai\
\
March 2011 - May 2011\
Senior Designer\
Digital Law & Kenneth, Mumbai\
\
March 2009 - February 2011\
Visualiser\
Ignitee Digital, Mumbai\
\
September 2008 - February 2009\
Junior Visualiser\
Oxygen Advertising, Pune\
\
SKILLS:\
\
UI / Visual\
Branding\
Iconography\
Illustration\
Prototyping\
\
Sketch\
Photoshop\
Illustrator\
After Effects\
Origami Prototyping\
\
\
\
Cover Letter -\
\
Hello Nikki!\
\
I am a Visual+UI designer, currently based in Auckland, working in the digital space for the past 6 years. I came across your job post on Seek regarding a UI Designer position. And applied immediately when I read the OCD part. Finally someone understands the sentiments of a UI designer!\
\
Apart from that, I think I\'92ll perfectly fit the role because of my design education - Bachelor in Applied Arts, thanks to which I\'92ve strong inclination towards creating beautiful solutions to problems. I\'92ve been working on websites and mobile apps since start of my professional term giving me expertise over design tools like Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator. And the love for animating icons and creating interactions, helped me get good knowledge of After Effects and prototyping tools.\
\
Teams everywhere are creating amazing websites/apps everyday to get inspired from. Here are few I like and use regularly -\
\
1. Dribbble \
Because it is a simple UI, designed to accommodate the rich content uploaded by various designers. And also because it is so beautiful to look at!\
\
2. Dropbox\
Because it is so hassle-free and easy to use, I didn\'92t have to explain my dad how to use it more than once!\
\
3. Basecamp\
On a project management tool, there are so many things to discuss with so many people. The information architecture of Basecamp is very well thought of to accommodate all that a team needs. Bonus points for the clean interface.\
\
I assure that my skills and strengths will match your expectations. Looking forward to hear from you.\
\
Warm Regards,\
Sejal Shah\
\
\
}